Create Pull Request template (#479)
astronomer/astro-sdk: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

# Description
## What is the current behavior?
<!-- Please describe the current behavior that you are modifying. -->

> <!-- Issues are required for both bug fixes and features. -->
> Issue URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- 
Issues are required for both bug fixes and features.
Reference it using one of the following:

closes: #ISSUE
related: #ISSUE
-->
```

## What is the new behavior?
<!-- Please describe the behavior or changes that are being added by this PR. -->

-
-
-

## Does this introduce a breaking change?

- [ ] Yes

> - [ ] No

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we should represent this without using a check-box, otherwise, Github considers there is a pending task within the issue:
![Screenshot from 2022-06-22 13-44-03](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/272048/175031951-db7dbef4-d7cb-4ee9-a7c8-d1c739dac600.png)

Author: Ahhh good catch there

<!-- If this introduces a breaking change, please describe the impact and migration path for existing applications below. -->

### Checklist

> - [ ] Code passes all static checks

Reviewer: Good call, yes

- [ ] Created tests which fail without the change (if possible)
- [ ] All tests passing
- [ ] Extended the README / documentation, if necessary

> - [ ] Added myself / the copyright holder to the AUTHORS file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
